# The-Influence-of-Positive-Feedback
Feedback can take many different forms. It can be communicated orally, in writing, visually, or through demonstration. It might be aimed towards a single person, a group, or the entire class. It should be particular and related to the topic matter to be most relevant and effective. It should also be actionable, meaning students should have ample time to respond to comments and put recommendations into practise. When students receive feedback in the classroom, they become more engaged and their learning outcomes increase. Consider these tips for giving outstanding feedback if you want to enhance your feedback game.  Make timely feedback with classroom management solutions Students should be able to link the feedback they're given to the activity they're taking. If you wait too long, the cause-and-effect relationship may be lost.  Be aware of the individual's requirements through online classroom management Every learner, as we all know, is unique. Some people only require a mild prod, while others need to be pushed. To best assess how your feedback will be received, be aware of the person, their likes, dislikes, and previous behaviours.  Make sure the feedback is focused on a specific skill or piece of knowledge. Generalized feedback, such as "needs improvement" or "work harder," is ineffective for students since it does not provide a clear path to progress. Use rubrics to present students with highly specific information about how their performance compares to a set of standards.  Outcome based education solution on a regular basis, provide feedback and allows pupils to work with you one-on-one. Check in with students on a frequent basis and provide ongoing feedback to keep them on track and on pace to fulfil their learning objectives. The ideal way to offer feedback is for a teacher or instructor to spend time with a student, and pupils look forward to receiving quality, individualised attention. So, how might DigiVal assist you in providing detailed and meaningful feedback? Teachers and instructors can provide detailed comments directly within the system's features. To know more: https://digi-val.com/blog/Influence-of-positive-feedback
